what's with the jeans we should we
should get moving here no no aunty Fifi
you want to hear that
I'd love died we have to shoot we were
tweeting to each other she retweeted
something and I you know we got into her
on Twitter a little bit I said we miss
you whereas her music auntie Fifi
where's your music if she made something
just for us to play so I wanted to give
it to her you know okay okay cuz we
don't remember aunty Fifi she's been on
the show she's a nice lady from Texas
and she makes all these really uplifting
songs out of like nothing she'll be
sitting in her living room and she'll be
like Jack and Jill went up the hill to
fetch a pail of water you got to stay
positive and drink your water like it
just got those places that nobody knows
yeah which is so special and she's such
a treat I really wanted to give her as a
treat for the for the kids yeah no I
love her I love occupation sweetest lady
this is uh this is old version of hers
Facebook hello Facebook good afternoon I
was senior thinking about this new year
and how it's the new year all over the
land as I was sitting here pondering
that I picked up a pen and a piece of
paper and these are the words that came
to me at that time okay you wrote a song
an original song you guys share them
with you Facebook yes thank you
social media this land is yours
and God because we have pigs there
chilling you're a mindful guide you
remindful guys love it
she's full the spirit guy you hit her up
I do love auntie Fifi you hit her up and
you said where have you been
yeah I go auntie fifi where are you how
are you she goes how are you I go good
we miss our auntie where's the music we
miss our song so then she sent me one
BAM yes straight away here she goes okay
here's auntie fifi singing just for
Christina just a week not to be confused
with auntie fee that's a different Aunt
Edith auntie feed cooks sweet peach for
the kids but this is different
auntie fifi this is two feet did she
talk to you too
watch me Naenae
whoa watch me and watch me nae nae you
better work oh she's a sweetheart
she's sweet lady a voice on her though
she can sing she can sing you know she
lives on the play land auntie Fifi know
that you heard her song and you love her
at auntie underscore right Fifi I don't
know yeah at all on TV with a why
underscore fee to have two E's and
another flatterer know your mom's house
loves her she's my best dude she's a
sweet lady yeah okay god you're a
mindful gun